vaccines in the vaccine regimen in terms
of you know what am i advising and you
know when do begin when you stop
how many advising just to series of
vaccine boosters one at eight weeks one
again at twelve weeks and are using that
really in a young age that's the most
critical time to prevent these serious
infectious diseases in these very small
kittens very small puppies they're
really really are underweight I
definitely prefer to wait a little bit
longer perhaps until they are booked
until they are twelve weeks of age and
then you can add four weeks of that
before you give that following booster
avoid the traditional thing boot third
booster which is often me given and
puppies really not necessary now
especially with the newer vaccines and
some of the new research so broad and
same for puppies of her dogs that she's
only vaccinated for parvo virus which is
a modified live vaccine and debt
distemper virus once again isn't a
modified live vaccine you can wait until
six months before they given the rabies
vaccine some people will give it earlier
I think it's better for their immune
system to deal with that at the age of
six months Bordetella kennel cough only
needs to be given you know if it's
required because they're going to a
channel or they're going through a puppy
class and they require that kittens once
again you want to vaccinate for the
respiratory viruses fer CP so feeling
about it right a tricky idea is feeling
khaleesi virus feeling panleukopenia
definitely of all the ones you're going
to give you want to give us the feeling
panleukopenia i'm vaccine you know
feeling okay me it in my opinion it is
not a core vaccine should only be given
to high-risk cat so that you're living
in a multi-cat household or near an area
where there's a large cat population you
know such as your cats living in a barn
very unlikely rabies once again if you
need to give it you can give it at six
months that being said you know if
you've got a hundred percent indoor cat
not which not being exposed to any other
I don't think it's necessary you could
avoid all those vaccines altogether
obviously that's different for some of
the dogs too but we have some dogs are
much higher risk for instance we look at
know this a lab like Louis a big lab
puppy he was ready to go to the dog walk
as soon as he could walk around exposing
himself to walk lots of different smells
likely areas where part of our parvo
virus exists really important again it's
prob acts seen early on but for instance
you've got a small little lap dog you
know such as little shih tzu a little
poodle who's having a limited exposure
to very you know if the ground never
mind other dogs and other diseases in
that case it's very safe to wait at
least you don't necessary have to start
at 8 weeks and giving them that vaccine
then defined perhaps wait till he gets a
little bit bigger and start at 12 weeks
avoid some of the non-core vaccines in
my opinion you don't need to give a
corona virus you need to give
leptospirosis you don't mean to give
Lyme disease vaccine you only need to
give Jordi vaccine for instance with
leptospirosis there's a whole number of
surov ours that actually caused this
virus and in many cases but what's in
the vaccine is something I've super
protective for instance is once again
with the cats
we FIP vaccines is been shown to be very
effective no need to give it as as
feeling bored to tell as his f feline
FIV vaccine for cats and ridley limited
use of feline leukemia vaccine all those
considered core vaccine all those
vaccines were once considered core my
opinion are not especially necessary
from there we want to get boosters at a
year and then every three years until
the ages of 10 some of the other things
you just never vaccinated a stick or a
weak animal Superdog is not feeling well
they're sick of their we can just avoid
the vaccines you know if they're showing
signs of allergies or there are any
signs of voluntary diarrhea just wait
until they feel better you've got a
casserta signs of the flu wait until
they're feeling better before you're
going ahead and getting
vaccines
you